Okay, we're about to start the Wednesday morning session of the sale of the Bradley Martin.
All the dealers are here.
David Redman is at the podium.
I've met a number of very interesting dealers this morning from the west coast, from New York, from Philadelphia.
A gentleman who brought the Lefkart O'Hearn items for Japanese collector.
He gave me his card, suggested that I see him when I go out to California.
Okay, now we're waiting for David to get going.
It was 31 January 1990.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our test today's timely informed children.
This is Chip and the Library of H. Bradley Markman.
I draw your attention to the condition of the sale, which is a particular catalog of 906-5-7.
And you have to find a day in this sale.
You'll see me at the beginning of the seminar, I think, on the hospital.
This morning is lost 2,282.
2,282
... ... ... ... ...
I'm supposed to go.
That number is 6,284.
And we're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
What do you know?
Well, number 2285.
And what do you know for this?
At twenty twenty years, not twenty twenty, one one.
At twenty twenty, twenty twenty, twenty twenty six.
Mark number two hundred and eighty six.
And as a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars,
... ...
$500,000, $235,000, $335,000, $335,000, $335,000.
So what is it?
What is it?
1,500 dollars.
Now I know that she's got $2,288, perhaps one of the gold is a listed one.
It's over now, $85, $50, it's $75, $200 now.
It's over here, it's up to $1,200.
And two of the gold, that's on my left, it's $200 a year, $8,5.
$2,25, it's listed.
$2,25.
$2,25, $2,25, $2,25, $2,25, $2,25.
Last time I was in Dallas where the night of the week was around there,
5,500, 5,600, 5,600, 5,700, 5,800, 5,900, 5,900, 5,900, 5,900, 5,900, 5,900, 5,900, 5,900, 5,900, 5,900,
Well, you see that in the children of the children of the world.
That 5,000 belongs to this, 5,000 of the Lord, 85,000, and 5,000 belongs to this, 5,500, and 6,500, and 6,500, and 6,500 of the Lord, and 6,500, and 6,500 of the Lord, and 6,500 of the Lord, and 6,500.
Eight thousand dollars, eight thousand dollars, I mean eight thousand.
For my wife, eight thousand dollars, then he is not too busy, eight thousand dollars.
Then eight thousand dollars, then he also, eight thousand dollars, in small life, then eight thousand dollars, the purpose of eight thousand dollars.
Eight thousand dollars, that's true in the year, and that's the best, what kind of money?
30 dollars.
This is cars and stuff.
$15,000.
$17,000.
$18,000.
$19,000.
$20,000.
$21,000.
$22,000.
$23,000.
$23,000
in the VA's first edition with the test check.
Last hundred fifty-one eight, as we have known, so if we have three fifty-one, three fifty-one, three fifty-one, three fifty-one, three fifty-one, four hundred, four fifty, five hundred, five hundred, five hundred, five hundred, five hundred, five hundred, five hundred, five hundred, five hundred dollars.
One, last hundred fifty-one thousand,
And I have 1,000,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000
And that's how we have a little bit.
Mr. John Sawyer.
$9,500 $10,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000
At $4,000, $4,250, $5,750, $5,000.
At $5,000, $5,500, $6,500, $6,000, $5,500, $7,000, $5,500, $7,000, $5,500, $8,000, $8,500, $9,500, $10,000.
$15,000, $14,000, $15,000.
That $15,000 now is $16,000, $17,000.
That $17,000 now is $17,000.
This is important.
The last time I was going to speak with Christians,
And I bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and bought it on the roof and
This is through the looking glass 2349, opens at the $20,000.
And Mickey Mouse astoundingly went from $4,500 to an FCD bid estimate only to bring $600.
and 7,500, and 7,500, all my life, and 7,500.
What is it?
7,500.
Vahat is being Vahat.
Vahat was a little bit.
13, 14, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15,
This is when you're in the willows.
That's interesting.
$15,000, $17,000, $18,000, $19,000, $20,000.
That's $20,000.
$20,000.
$20,000
I don't have a little lady before I hear, but when do you know what I want to say?
You have number 23,55.
I have heard about this.
It's twenty-five, seventy-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty-five, twenty
So within three items we go from $20,000.
And there's the willows right down to 125, which gives me information.
But it's not totally inscribed that big.
$5,000.
In my mind.
Mark number 2368.
So it's over.
But if we could be wrong, fast and not slow, if we could not understand the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of
$3,500 for my wife.
$4,000 for my wife.
Actually, it reads as in the description of Mark 3 to 2.
Oh, that's right.
Yes.
I have an exhibition.
This is the blind copy of Luke 4.
of Uncle Remus, after the full-time description.
The description of Catholic is a duplicate of law 2382.
So this is the Uncle Remus in the fine position of Blue Cross.
And I have eight episodes of military episodes of 1,800, 1,900, 1,000, 1,000.
18, 19, 3,000, which is 50, 500, which is 50, 3,000.
3,000, which is 50,000, which is 500, which is 500, which is 50, 4,000.
And 4,000 dollars, red, red, red, red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red
I'm sorry, I wasn't going to go wrong.
Three thousand dollars per one.
Last $2.380 longer, I have $4.340, $4.340, $4.340, $4.340, $4.550, $600, $650, $700, $750, $800, $850, $900, $950, $1000, $1100, $1200, $1200, $1200, $1300, $1300, $1300, $1300, $1300, $1300, $1300, $1300, $1300, $1300, $1300.
Last experience is that period of resistance, 300, 300, 350, 400, 40, 500, 550, 600, 250, 700, 650, 800, 850, last word, 850, that's 850, that's 850, that's 850, that's 850.
Not every person is really free.
And I have 40 dollars on this, 40 dollars for 50, 500, 500 dollars, 50, 300, 50, 700, 750 on my life.
That's 750.
And if not for the 750, 750 is over 800, 850, 900, 950, 950 dollar life.
Forty hours.
Oh, sorry, forty hours.
Do you know what that's 49 verses?
Yes, we're holding the meditation.
Shri Mataji.
Not that you're not supposed to be like this, please.
And I was talking about the list, it was not supposed to be like this, it was not supposed to be like this, it was supposed to be like this, it was supposed to be like this, it was supposed to be like this, it was supposed to be like this
This is Lodge 2423 with big projections.
75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000,
It is different.
This is 2424 and it's much longer than the other.
There is one back there according to the government of the government.
You know, one is the government.
The last one they said, the fourth is five, and eight of them are for this, eight of them are $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000.
30, 40, 30, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60,
And I just have to go with it, I just have to go with it, I just have to go with it, I just have to go with it, I just have to go with it, I just have to go with it, I just have to go with it, I just have to go with it, I just have to go with it, I just have to go with it, I just have to go with it, I just have to go with it, I just have to go with it, I just have to go with it, I just have to go with it, I just have to go with it.
And now I'm going to go to the world.
I am going to go to the world.
But those are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that
This is the first edition of Peter Rabbit's.
$48,000.
$39,000.
$30,000 against you.
$32,500.
$35,000 for the order.
That's $47,500.
$40,000 for the order.
$42,500.
$42,500 now.
$45,000 now.
Very spirited.
He's pointing up to the gallery.
$45,000 now.
After $45,000 now.
That's $45,000 then.
That's $45,000.
$45,000.
That's $6,000.
Last month of 24... I believe that today, Russell, where you can stand.
And $2,500.
$2,500.
$2,750.
$3,000.
$3,250.
$3,500.
$3,
This is part one of Heidi 2469.
775.
You have 30 years, so 30.
I think I should say, the first day is 30 years later.
That day, of course, the days of 3,500, I feel it is less than 3,000 people.
400, 50, 500, 50, 6,000, 50, 7,000, 50, 8,000, 50, 9,000, 50, 100,
11, 12, 13, 14, 13, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19,
... ... ... ...
What is this?
This is?
Eighteen.
Eighteen is not happy now.
Eighteen is happy now.
Last time I was 24, 73 years ago, I left again.
That's about 15, I don't know if this is 15, I don't know if it's 15, I don't know if it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's 15, it's
And five fifty-five million dollars, the idea is fifty-five million dollars, they're working.
Fifty-five million dollars, one hundred.
Last of all, it's more.
One thousand dollars, one thousand dollars, one thousand dollars, one thousand, one thousand, one thousand, one thousand, one thousand, one thousand, one thousand, one thousand, one thousand, one thousand.
It was gone, and 14 years, 15 years, 15 years, 17 years, 18 years, 19 years, 19 years, 19 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years.
It's Worcester Association.
Cloud number 2487.
And very, very spirited.
That's wonderful.
This is why I wasn't, that is why I didn't have a challenge, this is why I was like six thousand.
I had six thousand dollars, I didn't even think about it at all.
You see, I did thousands of dollars, that is often six thousand dollars, very well.
It's not on the same thing.
Law 1.24 is 8, and so this is going over 200 and it comes to 200, it comes to 10, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15
Hi, ladies and gentlemen.
Hi, Marian.
This afternoon.
.
And I'm going to go out here in block 25.
25.
I remember this one here.
$1,500.
$1,700.
Yeah.
I have $5,700, $6,000.
I have $6,000.
And then number 6, I have $700 for it.
$800 is now $900 is now $1,120.
I have $1,200.
$1,500, $1,250, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500
I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,000 dollars a year now, I have 4,
That's $2509.
And I have $500 for $600, $700, $800, $900 now.
I have $900.
The last number is 2-5-1-0, okay?
And 20,000 dollars started, I had 22,000 dollars, 25,000 dollars, 20,000 dollars, 30,000 dollars, 30,000 dollars, 30,000 dollars, 30,000 dollars, 30,000 dollars, 30,000 dollars, 30,000 dollars, 30,000 dollars, 30,000 dollars.
60,000, 62,500, 65,000, 67,500, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000, 75,000,
is
I have $1,500.
I have $5,500.
$1,400 worth $1,400 worth $1,400 worth $1,500 worth $1,500 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700 worth $1,700
$1,500.
Mm-hmm
I
$2,900.
And in 2,514, and now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started, now you know it all started
What you're doing in the real room now, that's what you're doing for $45,000 in front.
$47,500, $5,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000,
1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 4,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000,
I have $3,700.
I have $3,900.
I have $3,500.
$5,000.
$6,000.
$7,000.
$5,000.
$12,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000, $16,000
That's $22,000 for $22,000, and $23,000 for new growth now.
That's $23,000 for new growth now.
That's $23
.
I have 23,000 dollars.
On my right side, at $7,400, right side, at $7,400, $7,500, at $7,500 in the center room now, at $7,500, and down the road, at $7,500 in the center, at $5,500 in the center room.
That's about no, that's about $1,700, that's $3,000, $3,000, $3,000, $3,000, $3,000, $3,000, $3,000, $3,000, $3,000, $3,000, $3,000, $3,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000
Next is PMR20.
11,000 or 11,000 or 11,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,
For the defense.
The defense.
I remember the year I had $849,000, I had $849,000, I had $849,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $850,000, I had $8
1 2 3 4
$5,000.
$6,000.
$7,000.
$8,000.
$9,000.
$30,000.
$1,000.
$31,000.
$32,000.
I took $2,000 in front of me.
I took $3,000 in front of me.
$2,23 now.
$1,700.
$1,
4,000, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500, 4500
And if it's here, I don't know how to do it now for everyone to do it.
I don't know how to do it.
60, 90, 60, 1,000, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 16, 17, 17, 18, 19, 16, 17, 17, 18, 19, 16, 17, 17, 18, 19, 17, 17, 18, 19, 17, 18, 19, 17, 18, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20,
Welcome to 2525.
And it became like $7,000, $8,000, $8,900, $9,000, $10,000, $12,000, $15,000, $15,000 a year now, $15,000 a year now, $17,000 a year now, $18,000 a year now, $18,000 a year now, $18,000 a year, $18,000 a year now.
That 19,000 dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar
Do you have some of you guys in this?
And that is now from 9,000 to 10,000 to 10,000 to 12,000, 13,000, 14,000, 15,000, 15,000, 15,000, 15,000, 15,000, 15,000, 15,000, 15,000, 15,000, 15,000, 15,000, 15,000, 15,000, 15,000, 16,000, 17,000
At 27,000,000,000,000.
At 24,000,000,000,000.
I
When you come out of the phone, that's when you come out of the phone, that's when you come out of the phone, that's when you come out of the phone, that's when you come out of the phone, that's when you come out of the phone, that's when you come out of the phone, that's when you come out of the phone, that's when you come out of the phone, that's when you come out of the phone, that's when you come out of the phone,
At 35,000 dollars is 35,000.
It's 6,000.
At 35,000 dollars is 35,000 dollars.
At 35,000 dollars is 35,000.
At 35,000 dollars is 35,000 dollars is 35,000.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven,
I asked how he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said
2, 3, 5, 7, 5, 7, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 17, 18, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19,
15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 16, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17,
That's it.
25,000.
At 2,500, I'm not right now.
At 2,000, it's just this, 3,000, but it's just this, there's 5,000.
It's just this, 4,000.
4,000 is still right.
At 4,000, we've got 4,000, we've got more right now.
At 4,000, we've got more right now.
Lest the number of human powers we know,
And 4,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000.
$14,000 in the back.
I have $14,000 for $14,000 in this real estate, I guess.
$15,000 I have a $16,000.
I have $16,000 in this estate.
A $16,000 for $16,000.
It is the Senate room on the back, right now.
A $15,000 down close, and a $16,000 for $17,000.
It's about $18,000 right now.
I have $18,000 for $18,000.
Get to the end here.
I have $18,000.
It is all set around $18,000.
I would like to say to you why.